# Advanced CAD
Here I detail my trials and tribulations encountered while working on this module.

## Gearbox
This one wasn't so bad. I used a centerline and symmetric relation for the plate in a bunch of other relations. An important note is that the gears should be mated to the pitch circle which is the middle circle. I also had a minor problem where the gears were turning at the right speed, but weren't lined up. All I had to do was suppress the gear mate, move the gear into the right spot, and unsuppress it. It worked like a charm!
## Motion Study
For this assignment it was pretty straight forward to model all the parts. I learned about the shell feature which might come in handy. For the servo mount I used a rib feature, which worked well, but was a little finicky about it mates. It turns out you shouldn't use coincident mates on things that aren't in the sketch plane. For the actual motion study part, it went smoothly except that the servo was going the completely wrong direction and wouldn't change when I clicked the flip direction box. I turns out I had to fiddle around with the cylinders that defined the motor until it worked.
## Stress Analysis
I didn't have problems modeling this and leading up to the stress analysis, but I made one crucial mistake when modelling. I used the split line wrong. If it were a cake I split it parallel to the layers, when I should have split it like one cuts a cake. With that cleared up, I had an idea for my final part. SolidWorks supports topology optimization which basically means it runs a bunch of iterations and shows you the winning result. In this case, I needed to keep the factor of safety above one while minimizing material. Once I had finished my simulation I right clicked on "SimulationXpress_Study" right underneath the feature tree. Then I clicked "copy study." I left the top part at the defaults, but made the target study a "topology study" and clicked check. Then I right clicked on "Goals and Constraints" and clicked "Best stiffness to weight ratio." From here there are a lot of controls, but I clicked "Stress/Factor of Safety Constraint" and changed stress to factor of safety. The I changed the default value to one because i didn't need it any safer. For mass constraint I picked a value I reached after some trial and error. Click OK. I then right clicked "Manufacturing Controls." All of these are very intuitive to use, and I picked "Add Preserved Region." From here, I right clicked the side of the part and clicked "Select Tangency" to select all the sides at once. Then I clicked the inside of the holes. The reason I'm preserving this region is because they shouldn't reasonably be messed with and anything you can do to make your study more specific you should. Now I ready to run my study. An important note is that these studys typically take 20-30 minutes each. Make sure you have something to do in the meantime. I clicked "Run This Study." When you first see your result it will probably look terrible and craggy. From here you can export as a smoothed STL. If you don't want an STL and want a SolidWorks part instead you'll have to make it manually. I recommend using "Simulation Display," which can be found under the little TV drop down at the top of the viewer. Then use "Material Mass." Honestly, I don't ever recommend using topology studys in the SIGMA lab. The plastic we use is so strong compared to its weight and cost, that it probably isn't worth your time. Anyway, my final volume was 67891.50 cubic millimeters, which I found under "Mass Properties" under Evaluate.
